bye
your words up guys it is folks 91 here
and today i'll be bringing you just
bringing you my 99 mine and mini pies
kind of thing I'm 1099 mining I'm doing
this in one take so I'm pretty mess with
a whole bunch more than do is get 99
mining and i'm gonna sell the orders
because you guys like to see me sell
stuff so without further ado let's get
straight into i'm gonna rub that lamp
here and i'm gonna put on mining and he
goes
there you go level up 9 minus
sweet right
just a few friends coming a snowman my
name just going to buy the Cape the
dwarf
I hate doing this always gonna mess it
up
there we go
oh dear half cut a video I'll switch you
guys in just a sec
okay guys we're back I just don't split
keep and there it is
still you look real quick
No
ok now let's go to power can sell these
stuff
you guys like to see my not annoying
stuff selling stuff so I'm just going to
say now if you guys want to see anything
a subscriber did say i want to see as a
tight guide and keeping that thing in in
mind my dragon boats out keeping
everything in mind okay then so let's
put this or up three mil for 15,000 coke
cola sell that
3.6 very nice and finally 114,000 go
door
114,000 603 see how much that's worth
and that's where 26 mil
there you go and so for 27.7 that's nice
so that's pretty much it for this guy's
I just want to see how how you like
react to this kind of video what I might
do in the future on my future 99s I've
got a lot of 10 left to go is do a
giveaway so every time again i'll give
away 10 mil or something like that
because in that gives you guys you know
it gives everyone a chance to come here
and get some free money i did a giveaway
not so long ago i didn't do as well as i
expected it to do so that's why i don't
really want to do it I mean I'm not
trying to subscribe a whore and I and
get loads of subscribers and loads of
likes and favorites and stuff it's not
like that at all if people aren't going
to see it absolutely and not as many
people going to see the video then
there's not much point we putting up so
that's it guys as nine mining achieved
I've got 10 / max cape so if you guys
want to see anything or anything like
guides and stuff I got loads of slayer
guys if you guys want to check them out
but if you guys wanna see anything just
give me a comment and then I'll see what
I can do Cheers